.\" Copyright (c) 2000 Michael Still (mikal@stillhq.com)
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.TH PANDA 3  "15 July 2000" "Panda PDF Generator" "Panda PDF Generator Spec Compatibility"
.SH SPECIFICATION VERSION
Panda is currently working on version 1.3 of the PDF specification coompilance. A copy of the specification is available for download from http://www.adobe.com
.SH TEXT MODE COMPLIANCE
This document outlines Panda's complicance with the various text modes outlined in the PDF specification version specified above.
.SH TEXT MODES
.br
Execute xobject (Do operator)
.B NOT YET IMPLEMENTED

Execute postscript xobject (PS operator)
.B NOT YET IMPLEMENTED

Inline image (BI, DI, and EI operators)
.B NOT YET IMPLEMENTED

Various font operators
.B NOT YET IMPLEMENTED

Do not report page desciption problems (BX and EX operators)
.B NOT YET IMPLEMENTED

Various marked context operators
.B NOT YET IMPLEMENTED

.SH AUTHOR
.br
Panda is under development by Michael Still (mikal@stillhq.com). All code is Copyright Michael Still 2000, and is released under the GPL. Code submissions are welcomed. Contact Michael at the address above if you have something you would like to contribute.
.SH BUGS
.br
There are no known bugs in Panda. If you find one, please contact mikal@stillhq.com and let me know.
