.\" Copyright (c) 2000 Michael Still (mikal@stillhq.com)
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.TH PDFPAGE 3  "24 July 2000" "Panda PDF Generator Programmer's Manual" "Panda PDF Generator"
.SH NAME
pdfpage
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <panda/constants.h>
.B #include <panda/functions.h>
.sp
.BI "page *pdfpage(pdf *document, char *pageSize);"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The function
.B pdfpage
creates a new page in the PDF document that you pass to it and returns a pointer to the page to you. Many pages may simultaneously be open in this manner, and there is no proceedure for 'closing' a page -- this is done automatically when the document is closed. Once you are finished with the page you may discard the pointer you have been given, but
.B do not
call free() on the pointer or the library will break.

The page size string is a description of the size of the page that you would like inserted into the document. This may be any arbitary size that you desire, with the following forwat being used: "0 0 <width> <height>". Size of the pages is measured in points, of which there are 72 in an inch. For your convenience, standard page sizes are defined in the header file panda/constants.h -- there are gPageSizeA4 and gPageSizeUsLetter.
.SH EXAMPLE
.br
Simply use:
.RS
.nf
#include <panda/constants.h>
#include <panda/functions.h>

pdf  *demo;
page *first;

demo = pdfopen("output.pdf", "w");
first = pdfpage(demo, gPageSizeA4);

.SH RETURNS
.br
.B pdfpage
returns a pointer to the page created. If a page cannot be created, the error routine is called.
.fi
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
.br
Panda is under development by Michael Still (mikal@stillhq.com). All code is Copyright Michael Still 2000, and is released under the GPL. Code submissions are welcomed. Contact Michael at the address above if you have something you would like to contribute.
.SH BUGS
.br
There are no known bugs in Panda. If you find one, please contact mikal@stillhq.com and let me know..SH VERSION
.br
This information relates to version 0.2 of Panda
