.\" Copyright (c) 2000 Michael Still (mikal@stillhq.com)
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.TH SL 3 "15 July 2000" "Panda PDF Generator" "Panda PDF Generator Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
setleading
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <panda.h>
.sp
.BI "void setleading(pdf *, double leading);"
.SH DESCRIPTION
The function
.B setleading
sets the text leading space, which is the amount of extra space between lines of text in a text box. The leading, once set, is 'sticky' and therefore apply to all text boxes created after the leading is set. You will therefore need to change the leading back (possibly to the default) if you no longer want to draw with that leading.
.SH EXAMPLE
.br
Simply use:
.RS
.nf
#include <panda.h>

pdf *document;

document = openpdf("filename", "w");
setleading(document, 42);
.fi
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
.br
Panda is under development by Michael Still (mikal@stillhq.com). All code is Copyright Michael Still 2000, and is released under the GPL. Code submissions are welcomed. Contact Michael at the address above if you have something you would like to contribute.
.SH BUGS
.br
There are no known bugs in Panda. If you find one, please contact mikal@stillhq.com and let me know.
.SH VERSION
.br
This information relates to version 0.2 of Panda
